[Topic Entry] Python:Sklearn (#4846)
Codecademy/docs: content/sklearn/sklearn.md

> ---
> Title: 'Python:Sklearn'
> Description: 'Sklearn is a free, open-source machine learning library for Python.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'Machine Learning'
> Tags:
>   - 'Machine Learning'
>   - 'Libraries'
>   - 'Algorithms'
>   - 'Logistic Regression'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'learn-python-3'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: 'Python:Sklearn'
Description: 'Sklearn is a free, open-source machine learning library for Python.'
Codecademy Hub Page: 'https://www.codecademy.com/catalog/language/python'
CatalogContent:
  - 'getting-started-with-python-for-data-science'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---
```

Author: Correctly said, @mamtawardhani!
